Welcome back.
I talked a bit earlier about something called SDS, the AWB Security Token Service.
This is the service that provides what are known as short lived or temporary credentials.
So let's have a look at how SDS works because it's important to understand this.
So we have an easy two instance.
And in this case, this easy to instance is running an application, and the application needs to write
some files or read some files from an S3 bucket.
So how does the application running on easy to get authorized to actually access S3?
What we can do is create something called an instance profile and attach an I am roll to the instance
profile.
We'll see how to actually do this later on in the course.
The easy to instance will then attempt to assume the role by using the SDS Assume Role API call.
Now there's a couple of different types of policy that apply to the IAM role.
You've got to trust policy and a permissions policy.
We talked about permissions policies before.
These define the permissions that are allowed or denied to this specific entity, but a trust policy
actually controls who can assume the role.
So who is allowed to assume this role and become that role and acts as if they are the role?
And the policy document might look something like this in this particular example.
This policy is allowing the Service EC2 or Amazon Overstock.com to assume roles using the SDS Assume
Role API action.
So the trust policy is going to allow the easy to instance to assume the role.
So the SDS service gets involved and it will return temporary security credentials too easy to and easy
to can then access the S3 bucket with those temporary credentials.
The temporary credentials include an access key and a secret access key.
They have an expiration and something called a session token as well.
So these are provided to allow short term access to remember they expire after a short period of time,
and it will be an automatic process to renew the credentials before they expire.
And that happens using SDS again.
Temporary credentials are used in several situations that includes Identity Federation delegation,
cross account access and I am roles.
That's it for this lesson.
SDS is used and a lot of the operations that we're going to be looking into in more detail in this call.
So it's important to understand how it works, and hopefully you've now got a good understanding.